# pandas_challenge

In PyCitySchools we are looking at data for a certain group of schools based on school performance, budget per school, and spending per student based on that budget. 

If we look at the top 5 performing schools, we see that they were all smaller school and were charter schools. The lowest 5 performing schools were larger schools and all district schools. The amount of money a school gets per student increases based on the size of the school;the larger the school, the larger the budget. Looking at the per_school_summary DataFrame, all of the district schools % overall passing did not pass the 55% mark, yet they all had higher spending ranges. Next lets look at the spending_summary DataFrame. This DataFrame proves that the more money a district gets, does not mean it will yield better passing results. The highest spending range per student was the lowest overall passing rate with 53.52%. 

Based on this analysis, smaller schools are performing better than larger schools despite having smaller budgets and receiving less money. This analysis tells us that money is not a determining factor for better results, but the size of school is. Which leads me to ask, are these smaller schools holding smaller class sizes as well? If so, then that could mean that smaller class sizes are the reason for better results. However, Wilson High School is a charter school that is considered to be a larger school with a student count of 2283 that still scored an overall passing percentage of 90.58%. The student count compared to Ford High School (which is the smallest district but still considered a large school with 2739 students) is 456 students, yet Wilson still scored significantly higher.
 All in all, charter schools outperformed district schools 90% to 53.67% no matter the school size. My conclusion is that charter school practices are probably better as a whole. An analysis on curriculums and strategies used could probably shed more light on this matter.